Info on the Australian Pokemon National Championships,
a new Awakened Mewtwo trailer, and more! Hey
guys, Jess here! And this is the Pokemon update
from Curse and Marriland!
FIrst up - finally, Australia and New Zealand
are both able to be represented at the Pokémon
Video Game World Championships, with players
to compete in the Australian National Championships
held at PAX Australia in the middle of July.
Unfortunately, tickets to attend PAX Australia
are already sold out, but Pokémon will be
holding special Pokémon Battle Competitions
in five locations across Australia with the
grand prize being a trip and hotel stay to
PAX Australia along with tickets to enter.
Details are still being released, so for more
information, check out Marriland.com or the
official Nintendo Australia website.
Next, the Japanese Pokémon YouTube channel
has recently released a new video showing
what appears to be a trailer to a Prologue
to Mewtwo's Awakening, showing off Mewtwo
transforming into its awakened form. It's
a special TV broadcast that will be shown
in Japan on July 11th, just two days before
the release of the new Pokémon movie there,
called ExtremeSpeed Genesect and the Reawakening
of Mewtwo.
Moving on, as was the case with the Pokémon
Video Game National Championships in other
countries, a special Shiny Metagross modeled
after the Metagross used by the three-time
world champion, Ray Rizzo, will be distributed
to people attending the Pokémon Video Game
National Championships in the US, as well
as Australia. You have to be at the championships
in Indianapolis or Melbourne in order to receive
it, though, but it makes the travel all the
more rewarding.
Finally, want to learn more about EV Training
but get confused anytime you read up on it?
Maybe a video would be more your style, so
go ahead and check out TamashiiHiroka's new
video on how to EV Train Pokémon, and be
sure to congratulate her for reaching 100,000
subscribers on YouTube! Of course we'll put
a link to that in the video description.
That's all for this week! Oh, but one more
thing - the X & Y giveaway bonanza is STILL
going on until July 12th, so enter that if
you haven't already. And be sure to subscribe
to Curse ENtertainment and Marriland on YouTube,
and go ahead and give this video a thumbs
up if you wanna see more Pokemon news! Thanks
for watching, enjoy the game.